README.md, before:

# python-Django-demo
- [中文 (Traditional Chinese)](https://github.com/ZoeLiao/python-Django-demo/blob/master/README.zh-TW.md)
- Use Django to build a online shopping site.
- Techniques for building the demo website:
    - Backend:
        - [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
            - session
            - form
            - email
            - i18n (TODO)
            - test (TODO)
            - management
        - [Celery](http://www.celeryproject.org/)
            - [flower](https://flower.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
        - [AGINX](https://nginx.org/en/) (TODO)
        - [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io/zh/) (TODO)
    - Frontend:
        - [Bootstrap 4.3](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - Database:
        - [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)
        - [redis](https://redis.io/)
    - Cloud platform:
        - [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/) (TODO)

## Start project
- `python3 -m venv venv`
- `django-admin startproject <project_name>`
- `django-admin startapp <app_name>`

## Set Up
- `virtualenv venv`
- `. venv/bin/activate`
- `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- `cd demo`
- `export PYTHONPATH=$PWD`
- `python manage.py migrate`
- `python manage.py createsuperuser`

## Migrate Database
- In general cases:
    - `python manage.py makemigrations`
    - `python manage.py migrate`
- Failed to detect changes:
    - Run the command of [Management - Delete the data of specific app](https://github.com/ZoeLiao/python-Django-demo#management)
    - fake:
        - `python manage.py makemigrations <app_name>`
        - `python manage.py migrate --fake`
    - remigrate:
        - `python manage.py makemigrations <app_name>`
        - `python manage.py migrate`

## Management
- Delete the data of specific app:
    - `python manage.py manual_migration <app_name>`
    - ex: `python manage.py manual_migration shop`

## Send email
- Create settings_local.py by `vim demo/settings_local.py` (settings_local.py is an ignored file)
- Input your email information in settings_local.py:
    - `EMAIL_HOST = 'smtp.gmail.com'`
    - `EMAIL_PORT = 587`
    - `EMAIL_HOST_USER = '<your_email>@gmail.com'`
    - `EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD = '<your_password>'`
- start Celery by the following command

## Celery
- Start: `celery -A demo worker -l info`
- Monitor:
    - `celery -A demo flower`
    - Visit [http://localhost:5555](http://localhost:5555)

Commit message:

Update README.md (logging with social media accounts)

README.md, after:

# python-Django-demo
- [中文 (Traditional Chinese)](https://github.com/ZoeLiao/python-Django-demo/blob/master/README.zh-TW.md)
- Use Django to build a online shopping site.
- Functions:
    - Basic shopping site
    - Loggin in with social media accounts
    - Use session to record user's order
    - Sending email by Celery + Redis + Gmail
- Techniques for building the demo website:
    - Backend:
        - [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
            - social-auth-app-django 
            - session
            - form
            - email
            - management
            - i18n (TODO)
            - test (TODO)
            - management
        - [Celery](http://www.celeryproject.org/)
            - [flower](https://flower.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
        - [AGINX](https://nginx.org/en/) (TODO)
        - [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io/zh/) (TODO)
    - Frontend:
        - [Bootstrap 4.3](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - Database:
        - [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)
        - [redis](https://redis.io/)
    - Cloud platform:
        - [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/) (TODO)
- Reference:
    - [shopping site (中文)](https://kknews.cc/zh-tw/code/pe9o3x8.html)
    - [Loggin in with social media accounts](https://scotch.io/tutorials/django-authentication-with-facebook-instagram-and-linkedin)

## Start project
- `python3 -m venv venv`
- `django-admin startproject <project_name>`
- `django-admin startapp <app_name>`

## Set Up
- `virtualenv venv`
- `. venv/bin/activate`
- `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- `cd demo`
- `export PYTHONPATH=$PWD`
- `python manage.py migrate`
- `python manage.py createsuperuser`

## Migrate Database
- In general cases:
    - `python manage.py makemigrations`
    - `python manage.py migrate`
- Failed to detect changes:
    - Run the command of [Management - Delete the data of specific app](https://github.com/ZoeLiao/python-Django-demo#management)
    - fake:
        - `python manage.py makemigrations <app_name>`
        - `python manage.py migrate --fake`
    - remigrate:
        - `python manage.py makemigrations <app_name>`
        - `python manage.py migrate`

## Management
- Delete the data of specific app:
    - `python manage.py manual_migration <app_name>`
    - ex: `python manage.py manual_migration shop`

## Send email
- Create settings_local.py by `vim demo/settings_local.py` (settings_local.py is an ignored file)
- Input your email information in settings_local.py:
    - `EMAIL_HOST = 'smtp.gmail.com'`
    - `EMAIL_PORT = 587`
    - `EMAIL_HOST_USER = '<your_email>@gmail.com'`
    - `EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD = '<your_password>'`
- start Celery by the following command

## Celery
- Start: `celery -A demo worker -l info`
- Monitor:
    - `celery -A demo flower`
    - Visit [http://localhost:5555](http://localhost:5555)
